Readme documentation update for new analytics (#24072)
TryGhost/Ghost: ghost/core/core/server/data/tinybird/README.md

## Tinybird Analytics

This is the web analytics implementation using [Tinybird Forward](https://www.tinybird.co/docs/forward).

### Requirements

> In order to use Tinybird locally, make sure to install it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use Tinybird locally, make sure to install the Tinybird CLI.
```

**Only for the first time, run:** `yarn tb:install` from the root folder.

### Using Tinybird locally

> To run Tinybird locally, run `yarn tb` from root. This will start or install and start the TB Local Docker container. 
> To build projects, watch for changes, read tokens etc, run `tb dev`. Read more about the [command here](https://www.tinybird.co/docs/forward/dev-reference/commands/tb-dev).
> `tb dev` also automatically starts Tinybird Local and opens up tinybird shell environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Tinybird locally, run `yarn tb` from root. 

This script will pull and start the `tinybird-local` Docker container, then run `tb dev` to deploy the Tinybird project to the `tinybird-local` container on file changes. The `tb dev` command also launches a Tinybird shell environment where you can run other `tb` CLI commands against the local container.  Read more about the [`tb dev` command here](https://www.tinybird.co/docs/forward/dev-reference/commands/tb-dev).
```

This is switchable both via tracker script (ideally not used with the cloud data except with a unique id) and stats page.

You can enable or disable local in config script below. Update your `/ghost/core/config.local.json` or `/ghost/core/config.local.jsonc`
with the following information.

### Config
Sample config:
```
{
   "someOtherConfigurationForEmail": {
        "transport": "SMTP",
        "options": {
            "port": 12345
        }
    },
    "tinybird": {
        "tracker": {
            "endpoint": "https://e.ghost.org/tb/web_analytics",
            "token": "xxxxx",
            "datasource": "analytics_events",
            "local": {
                "enabled": true,
                "token": "xxxxx",
                "endpoint": "http://localhost:7181/v0/events",
                "datasource": "analytics_events"
            }
        },
        "stats": {
            "endpoint": "https://api.tinybird.co",
            "token": "xxxxx",
            "local": {
                "enabled": true,
                "token": "xxxxx",
                "endpoint": "http://localhost:7181",
                "datasource": "analytics_events"
            }
        }
    }

> }

Reviewer: Just to note as an FYI and reminder to self: we're working on drastically simplifying this configuration and setup. This is all going to change soon, but for now this is good 👌
